Time Keeping Policy
The Federal Government requires that MH Construction Inc. maintain accurate time
tracking for hourly employees. All employees are expected to keep track of their hours
worked. Any unauthorized employee who alters the report of another employee’s time
worked will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.

MH Construction utilizes HH2 software for generating timesheets for each employee.
A username and password will be given to each new employee on their first day of
employment.

Employees should not rely on their supervisors to be responsible for entering their time in
HH2. HH2 time must be entered daily and signed as complete and accurate on Fridays by
end of day. Time will be approved by supervisors Monday morning, after the last day of the
pay period.

Failure to turn in time sheets will result in progressive disciplinary action. Disciplinary
measures may include a verbal warning, written warning, disciplinary suspension, or
termination of employment.

Regular Pay
Employee benefits are a significant part of your total compensation.

Paychecks are distributed weekly, five business days after the end of the weekly pay period.
When the distribution day falls on a holiday, paychecks will be distributed on the preceding
business day.

Overtime
Overtime is defined as time worked beyond a forty-hour period from Monday through
Sunday. Hourly waged employees will be compensated on a time and a half basis for
overtime. Employees are to complete their daily and weekly assignments during regular
office hours.

Non-exempt employees are eligible for overtime for all hours worked that exceed 40 in any
work week. It is expected that an employee will comply with any reasonable requests to work
overtime. MH Construction Inc. will also try to give you as much notice as possible when
overtime is necessary. All overtime designated by your manager is approved overtime. If an
employee works overtime without approval, the overtime must be paid, however the
employee may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.

Exempt employees will not be paid on an overtime basis and may be asked to work extra
hours as business demands, or if otherwise necessary.
Bonus or Incentive pay is additional compensation paid to an employee, or group of
employees, in addition to their normal rate of pay. This additional compensation may be
granted under specific, limited circumstances.


Garnishment of Wages
MH Construction Inc. honors wage garnishments. Employees will be notified immediately
when garnishment orders are received from the courts or other governing agencies.



Return of Company Property & Final Paycheck
Employees are required to return all company property upon separation of employment.
Final paychecks may be withheld only as permitted by applicable law until all company
property has been returned. Where allowed by law and with any required written
authorization, the company may deduct or recover the value of unreturned or damaged
property from an employee’s final wages.



Employee Benefits
Disclaimer
Willfully making a false statement for the purpose of obtaining or denying benefits may result
in criminal prosecution and termination of employment.

Eligibility
Employees shall work a minimum 30-hour work week to be entitled to benefits.

Medical Insurance
MH Construction Inc offers medical insurance to all full-time employees. Details of the
plans may be found in the Benefit Booklet. This Handbook does not constitute such a legal
document. The Company offers medical coverage for eligible employees and their eligible
dependents. These programs are administered by a major medical insurance carrier or
health maintenance organization (HMO). An employee’s contribution for coverage will be
deducted from your salary based on your benefit selections. Your summary plan description
(SPD) contains more details about these plans. For more details, please refer to the specific
SPD that governs each of the plans. In the event of any conflict between the information
contained in this Handbook and in the Company’s SPDs, the SPDs shall govern. These plans
are subject to change at the Company’s discretion. Additionally, the amount that you may
be required to contribute towards the premiums for any of these plans may be changed at
the Company’s discretion.
Full-time employees are eligible to participate in the various medical insurance programs
offered by the Company after fulfilling a 60-day probation period, in which benefits will begin
the first of the following month. Periodically there will be an Open Enrollment period,
determined by the Insurance Company. If you decline to participate in these programs on
your initial eligibility date, you may request entry into the plan during Open Enrollment or
Special Enrollment (described below).

Employee Contributions for Medical Coverage
The Company’s benefit package is contributory; that is, you are responsible for a portion
(25%) of the premium for your benefits. If you choose to have insurance coverage for more
than just yourself under the plan, you will be responsible for 100% of the additional
premium. A portion of the premium, up to a maximum per month, is contributed by the
Company. Your contributory cost is deducted from your paycheck.

Late Applicants for Medical Coverage
At the time you are hired, you are given an opportunity to elect certain benefits. If you waive
participation in any of those programs for either yourself or your eligible dependents, you
will generally be allowed to apply for entry into the various plans only during Open
Enrollment.

Open Enrollment for Medical Coverage
The Open Enrollment period allows employees to add or change their benefits coverage.
Applications for medical insurance may be submitted during this period. Changes, additions
and other elections made during Open Enrollment will take effect on the effective date
following the Open Enrollment period. Once you have made a change, you cannot change
that selection until the next Open Enrollment period (except in the case of a major life status
change; see Special Enrollment).

Special Enrollment for Medical Coverage
A “qualifying event,” such as certain life status changes--marriage, birth or adoption of a
child or involuntary loss of medical and/or dental coverage, etc.--may allow entry into a plan
as long as application for coverage is made within 30 days of the qualifying event. For
specific details regarding Special Enrollment, please refer to your Summary Plan
Description.

Continuation of Health Coverage
Federal law generally requires employers with 20 or more employees to give employees,
spouses and dependent children the right to continue group health benefits for limited
periods of time under certain circumstances, such as voluntary or some types of involuntary
job loss, reduction in hours worked, death, divorce, and other life events. Employees
ordinarily may continue their health coverage for up to 18 months when their employment is
