Starting Jan 2019, all employees will have premiums withheld from their paycheck to
contribute to Washington Paid Family and Medical Leave fund as well as the WA cares fund.
These are state ran short term coverage programs. You must file with the state upon
qualifying.

Workers’ Compensation Insurance & Pay
To provide for payment of your medical expenses and for partial salary continuation in the
event of a work-related accident or illness, you are covered by workers’ compensation
insurance, provided by the Company, and based on state regulations. The amount of
benefits payable, as well as the duration of payments, depends upon the nature of your
injury or illness. However, all medical expenses incurred in connection with an on-the-job
injury or illness and partial salary payments are paid in accordance with applicable state
law. If you are injured or become ill on the job, you must immediately report the injury or
illness to your manager and the Human Resources Department. This ensures that the
Company can help you obtain appropriate medical treatment. Your failure to follow this
procedure may delay your benefits or may even jeopardize your receipt of benefits.
Questions regarding workers’ compensation insurance should be directed to the Human
Resources Department.

Social Security & Medicare
Through Social Security, you and your family are protected against loss of work income due
to retirement, disability, or death. Medicare protects you against the increasing medical
expenses associated with aging. All employees participate in the Social Security program.
You and MH Construction Inc. both contribute on your behalf.

Unemployment Compensation
The U.S. Department of Labor's unemployment insurance programs provide
unemployment benefits to eligible workers who become unemployed through no fault of
their own and meet certain other eligibility requirements.
Unemployment insurance is a joint state-federal program that provides cash benefits to
eligible workers. Each state administers a separate unemployment insurance program, but
all states follow the same guidelines established by federal law.

This plan, administered by the state and federal governments, is financed by employers and
a small portion by the employee, through payroll taxes.

401K Retirement Plan
The 401(k) plan is a workplace retirement plan. It allows workers to defer a certain portion
of their wages into a retirement account, which they can then invest for the future. In
return, workers get certain tax advantages both in the short term and the long term.
Employees become eligible to contribute to the 401k plan after 12 months of employment.
Employees can contribute between 1% to 90% of their eligible compensation, either before
Miscellaneous
Gifts and Tips
Employees are not to accept gifts, tips, gratuities, or special favors from customers or
vendors. Employees are prohibited from soliciting money, gifts, or special favors from other
employees or their families.

MH Construction Inc. realizes that there may be certain solicitations, such as school
fundraisers, that employees would like to make available to their colleagues. Contact your
supervisor before bringing any solicitation to your workplace.


Information Posting
MH Construction Inc. has a bulletin board where important notices are posted. It is your
responsibility to read the bulletin board on a regular basis and be aware of posted items.


Outside Employment
If while employed with MH Construction Inc. an employee becomes involved in other
employment, it is essential that their primary commitment is given to MH Construction Inc.
This commitment includes honoring your work schedule at MH Construction Inc. While
employed at MH Construction Inc., an employee may not utilize talents and/or knowledge,
gained through employment at MH Construction Inc., company equipment, software, or
other assets of the company for the benefit of another company or non-MH Construction
Inc. staff, without the express permission of the MH Construction Inc. President.


Inclement Weather
MH Construction Inc. functions best when all employees are at work, so it is important to
report to work as scheduled. If hazardous weather conditions exist, MH Construction Inc.
expects you to use good judgment and your supervisor will take that into consideration if you
do not arrive on time.

Safety
Safety is always a top priority at MH Construction. Safe work practices and good
housekeeping habits are responsibilities each of us share. We provide our clients and
ourselves with a safer environment by keeping areas clear and hazard-free and not taking
unnecessary risks. MH Construction follows all relevant OSHA safety and health standards.
Each job site will have specific OSHA guidelines and regulations that must always be
adhered to while on site. The Superintendent of the site will conduct a daily Job Hazard
Analysis, aka Tailgate, for the scope of work to be done that day.
